Update webots to R2023b (#141)
robocup-junior/rcj-soccersim: docs/docs/communication_between_robots.md

### Converting the message into a packet

Webots supports sending the packet in different formats (string, bytes, list of doubles...).
Since our example controllers as well as supervisor use strings, let's describe how to send it.

> [JSON](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON) is a format that stores human-readable text in key-value pairs.

Reviewer: @Adman For a while I was wondering whether using something like [`bson`](https://bsonspec.org/) wouldn't be a better fit for the embedded usecase but seeing how the SoccerSim gets targeted mostly at lowering the barrier to entry, JSON does seem preferable indeed.

Author: This is the first time I hear about bson.
I would stick with the json for its simplicity and secondly that it's builtin python3, so no third party dependencies get involved that you have to maintain.

Reviewer: Sure, makes sense, it just was the first thing that crossed my mind when reading about this :slightly_smiling_face:

> [JSON](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON) is a format that stores human-readable text in key-value pairs.

Reviewer: > key-value pairs

@Adman strictly speaking, this is not the case, right?

In short, it is very similar to the `dictionary` that python uses. 

> Python3 contains a built-in library called [json](https://docs.python.org/3/library/json.html). It

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from version 3.0, Python contains a built-in library called [json](https://docs.python.org/3/library/json.html). It
```

> offers encoding python's dictionaries into json string and later decoding it back to dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
offers encoding Python's dictionaries into a JSON string and later decoding it back to a dictionary.
```

### Converting the message into a packet

Webots supports sending the packet in different formats (string, bytes, list of doubles...).
Since our example controllers as well as supervisor use strings, let's describe how to send it.

[JSON](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON) (JavaScript Object Notation) is an
open standard file format and data interchange format that uses human-readable
text to store and transmit data objects consisting of attribute–value pairs and
arrays (or other serializable values).

> In short, it is very similar to the `dictionary` that Python uses. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In short, it is very similar to the `dict` data structure that Python uses. 
```

Author: Thank you, changed.

```python
while self.team_receiver.getQueueLength() > 0:
    packet = self.team_receiver.getString()
    self.team_receiver.nextPacket()
    # Do something with the packet
```

> **WARNING: Webots does not guarantee the order of the messages. Your robot controllers should not rely on the order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**WARNING: Webots does not guarantee the order of messages. Your robot controllers should not rely on the order.
```
